[Music]
[Applause]
put the backwards crossovers now I'm
going to explain the transition that you
go through from moving to the left and
then to the right where your weight is
going to be inhabiting feet properly
so just on/off the backwards staff the
backwards crossovers what you need to do
these are happy feet shoulder-width
apart it's going to talk about where my
weight is and how to position my legs so
shoulder width apart legs make sure
they're parallel to each other
bend your knees slightly and if you want
to go to the left hand side that's that
way you want to be able to put most of
your weight onto your left leg for a
minute because you're gonna be having to
lift your right leg over the top of it
so the way that looks
I just come over here knees breadth
parallel I'm gonna put all my weight
here by just leaning and having my left
leg towards the set with my body there
when I lift my right leg over it like
this and that's what you do after that
you've done this the weight transfer
goes from all of the weight goes from my
left leg as it's on the ice more weight
said that legs in the air once I lift
this leg over the left leg all of the
weight will go straight back into this
note so the weights even in my legs
right now all the weights over here as
soon as this goes down on the way go
straight into my right leg
Oh
so as we said if you're going to go into
the left that way you have both your
legs shoulder width apart roughly make
sure they're parallel right now the
weight is even to evenly spread between
both my legs I just wanna go to the left
that way I'm going to lift your right
leg over very good actor what that means
is that your weights going to be going
from both your legs to all of your
weight being on your left leg for a
short time so right now it's in both
like the weights and both my legs but as
soon as this foot comes off the ice a
little more weight to my left leg and as
soon as my right leg touches the ice or
the my weight directly goes into my
right leg so this looks what that looks
like is like this all the way in both my
legs in that leg now that that good now
is further back over here gets lifted
and brought back alongside now your left
leg behind here gets brought back
alongside your right leg and you have to
make sure that it's pretty much parallel
to the other scale so
like that and to keep going that way all
you do is repeat that motion the same
motion again
you know something like this
so we need to keep in mind and do the
back inta crossovers it's almost the
same as just the backwards drive the
direction that your heels are facing the
back your skates that's the direction
that you're going to be going in so you
just need to keep an eye on where
they're facing because that's where
you'll be going
so we've talked about going to the left
now we're going to cover again to the
right again you start with your legs
parallel to each other
knees bent both of them on my legs have
the weight evenly spread between them
and this time when I left my left leg up
to put it over my right all the weights
gonna go from both my legs to my right
leg while this legs off the ice and then
as soon as this leg touches the ice all
of the weight transfers from that back
to that leg I'll show you what that
looks like so right now the weights on
both my feet weights in that leg now all
the weights in that leg over there and
your right leg now gets moved right back
long side your left leg
so right now the weights centered
between both my legs all the weights in
this leg now then the transversus this
leg and you will go ahead just gets
pulled back alongside your neck
he just repeat that motion so it looks
like this is
and Stepan
step
[Music]
Oh